track tumor1bam
bigDataUrl tumor-1.bam
shortLabel tumor1bam
longLabel tumor1bam
type bam
chromosomes chr6,chr20
description tumor1bam
maxWindowToDraw 200000
pairEndsByName .
pairSearchRange 10000
visibility pack

track normal1bam
bigDataUrl normal-1.bam
shortLabel normal1bam
longLabel normal1bam
type bam
chromosomes chr6,chr20
description normal1bam
maxWindowToDraw 200000
pairEndsByName .
pairSearchRange 10000
visibility pack

track normal1bam
bigDataUrl normal-1.bam
shortLabel normal1bam
longLabel normal1bam
type vcfTabix
chromosomes chr6,chr20
visibility pack

track normal1bam
bigDataUrl normal-1.bam
shortLabel normal1bam
longLabel normal1bam
type vcfTabix
chromosomes chr6,chr20
visibility pack

track normal1bam
bigDataUrl normal-1.bam
shortLabel normal1bam
longLabel normal1bam
type vcfTabix
chromosomes chr6,chr20
visibility pack

track normal1bam
bigDataUrl normal-1.bam
shortLabel normal1bam
longLabel normal1bam
type vcfTabix
chromosomes chr6,chr20
visibility pack
